[Control Center] Improve the clarity of application deployment documentation (#4178)
vaadin/docs: articles/control-center/application-deployment/index.adoc

In the [guibutton]*Deploy* panel on the right-hand side (as shown in the screenshot below), fill in the following fields:

- *Application Name*: Give your application a meaningful name (e.g., `My App`).
- *Image*: Enter the name of the Docker image, including the repository name and version tag (e.g., `repository/app:version`). If your repository is private, you can also provide a secret name containing the credentials to access it by clicking *Needs Pull Secret*.
- *Replicas*: Specify the number of instances to run. The default is `1`.
- *Hostname*: Set the external URL to access your application (e.g., `https://app.example.com`). For more information on how to choose a proper hostname, refer to the <<hostname-guidelines#, Hostname Guidelines>>.

> - *Features*: Enable additional features if required.

Reviewer: The `Features` section of the is also mentioned in this list but the new image doesn't contain that part like the old one. Shouldn't we show that also on the image?

Author: The new theme adds whitespace such that the Features section is now off the edge of the iPad screen.

I could add a second image with the panel scrolled down, or reduce the zoom level like in the following screenshot. Do you think it's readable?

![control matthew vaadin cc_app_secure-app_continue(iPad Pro)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7390dc12-1490-4a24-95e0-d4bf36580e33)

Reviewer: The size of the previous image also wasn't an iPad screen, it had a custom size. I think it's still readable in the docs. The image can be opened in a new tab/window and there it has the full size.

In the [guibutton]*Deploy* panel on the right-hand side (as shown in the screenshot below), fill in the following fields:

- *Application Name*: Give your application a meaningful name (e.g., `My App`).

> - *Image*: Enter the name of the Docker image, including the repository name and version tag (e.g., `repository/app:version`). If your repository is private, you can also provide a secret name containing the credentials to access it by clicking *Needs Pull Secret*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Image*: Enter the name of the Docker image, including the repository name and version tag (e.g., `repository/app:version`). If your repository is private, you can also provide a secret name containing the credentials to access it by enabling the [guilabel]*Needs Pull Secret* option.
```
